Git Download : link- https://git-scm.com/download/win -> Use this link to download the git for window machine

To check if the git is install or not your system
  use the below command to check that : 
->  git --version
git
How to start with git : 
1. We need to create a bit bucket account
2. After creating a bitbucket account we need to create a workspace
3. After that we need to create a repository which may be private or Public

Remote Repository : 
It the repository from where we have clone our code

Working Repository: 
Once you clone the repository and if you touches that folder mean if you done any changes there by adding 
some file then that repository become Working Repository
git is not working 


If we faced this recent below error : 
On branch main
Your branch is based on 'origin/main', but the upstream is gone.
  (use "git branch --unset-upstream" to fixup)

Then use this below command to resolve this error 

git@upstream-error  /c/branch/push (new-branch)
git push --set-upstream origin new-branch
cd git*
git switch -c new-branch
git branch -a
touch devo.html
git add .
git commit -m "Are we not men?"
git push --set-upstream origin new-branch
touch echo.html
git add .
git commit -m "Echo done"
git push origin


Flow from cloning the code to pushing our code to remote repository
steps to be remember:
1. Need to clone the code from remote repository to local repository
2. Once you clone and you update that repository to your any file i.e if you add any file to that repo
   then that repo become local repository
3. so once you modified that repo by adding any file then this repo become a working directory
3. Once you run command git add "Your file name " and commit your code with by command git commit -m 
   "Your commit messages " the we called it as staging directory means our code is now present in staging
   directory
4. Only the code which is committed that means only the staging working directory code will be pushed to
   remote repository

so to summaries this

code -> clone to local repository 
     -> adding file become that repo to working directory
     -> committing that file become staging directory.
     -> Only staging directory code will be push to remote directory

 Local Repository                                                Bit Bucket(centralRepo)

Working directory         Staging Area(index)  Repository(head)    Repository head 

git add ->                git commit  ->                  git push -> 

         <<--- git checkout                           
 gt<<- git clone
                                                      <<- git pull

Difference between the git clone and git pull:

At the beginning when you don't have any local repository then we need to clone first time to set our local repo

afterward we need to take only latest pull which means if any changes happened to that repo will be pull out
























 
              